---
layout: post
title: "Getting Started with Dynamic Pricing"
date: 2019-06-15
excerpt: "Deepair Research"
tags: [Revenue Management, Algorithms]
mathjax: true
mathjax_autoNumber: true
---

It is certainly challenging to start building dynamic pricing systems especially when historically it's never been done. Gathering data, cleaning it and then making it "machine ready" is least of our concern when we see other logically stupendous challenges in front of us. There are so many unanswered question danggling on the way to deploy a pricing solution into the real world. 

**How can a machine learn treands this are absent in the data?** 
*It simply cannot*. But we can either make the machine learn on the way of pricing aka "online learning" or collect the data on the way so that the incoming pricing algorithms can utilize it.

**Is the market price sensitive?** *We have no clue until we see price variability in action*. If not dynamic pricing, some variability in pricing scheme is required to answer this question. 

**What kind of prices are we should recommend?** *We don't know*. But we can start of by giving only discounts because we know customers love it! The worst we can do here is loose some money but for a greater good of gaining customer's satisfaction.

**What is the right way to evaluate customer satisfaction?** *There is no right way*. This dosen't mean that there are no efficient way to evaluate the same. For starters, `conversion rate` is a industry standard to measure the customer's satisfaction. 

Questions like above and many more are in front of us when we are just getting started. Nevertheless, 

Coming up soon.. :wine_glass: [Book](read.gift/u/namanatulshukla)
